tidb-lightning: add lightning physical import mode usage (#9623)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode-usage.md

```
[lightning]
# The maximum concurrency of engine files.
# Each table is split into one "index engine" to store indices, and multiple
# "data engines" to store row data. These settings control the maximum
# concurrent number for each type of engines.
# The two settings controls the maximum concurrency of the two engine files.
index-concurrency = 2
table-concurrency = 6

# The concurrency of data. The default value is the number of logical CPUs.
# region-concurrency =

# The maximum concurrency of I/O. When the concurrency is too high, the disk
# cache may be frequently refreshed, causing the cache miss and read speed
# to slow down. For different storage mediums, this parameter may need to be
# adjusted to achieve the best performance.
io-concurrency = 5
```

During the import, each table is split into one "index engine" to store indices, and multiple "data engines" to store row data.

> `index-concurrency` controls the maximum concurrency of the index engine. When you adjust `index-concurrency`, you need to ensure that `index-concurrency * the number of source files of each table > region-concurrency` to ensure that the cpu is fully utilized. The ratio is usually between 1.5 ~ 2. Do not set `index-concurrency` too high and not lower than 2 (default). Too high `index-concurrency` causes too many pipelines to be built, which causes the index-engine import stage to pile up.
> 
> The same goes for `table-concurrency`. Ensure that `table-concurrency * the number of source files of each table > region-concurrency` to ensure that the cpu is fully utilized. A recommended value is around `region-concurrency * 4 / the number of source files of each table` and not lower than 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`index-concurrency` controls the maximum concurrency of the index engine. When you adjust `index-concurrency`, make ensure that `index-concurrency * the number of source files of each table > region-concurrency` to ensure that the CPU is fully utilized. The ratio is usually between 1.5 ~ 2. Do not set `index-concurrency` too high and not lower than 2 (default). Too high `index-concurrency` causes too many pipelines to be built, which causes the index-engine import stage to pile up.

The same goes for `table-concurrency`. Make sure that `table-concurrency * the number of source files of each table > region-concurrency` to ensure that the CPU is fully utilized. A recommended value is around `region-concurrency * 4 / the number of source files of each table` and not lower than 4.
```

If the table is large, Lightning will split the table into multiple batches of 100 GiB. The concurrency is controlled by `table-concurrency`.

`index-concurrency` and `table-concurrency` has little effect on the import speed. You can leave them in the default value.

`io-concurrency` controls the concurrency of file read. The default value is 5. At any given time, only 5 handles are performing read operations. Because the file read speed is usually not a bottleneck, you can leave this configuration in the default value.

> After the file data is read, Lightning needs to do some post-processing, such as encoding and sorting the data locally. The concurrency of these operations is controlled by `region-concurrency`. The default value is the number of CPUs. You can leave this configuration in the default value. It is recommended to deploy Lightning on a separate servers from other components. If you must deploy Lightning with other components, you may need to lower `region-concurrency` according to the load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the file data is read, Lightning needs to do some post-processing, such as encoding and sorting the data locally. The concurrency of these operations is controlled by `region-concurrency`. The default value is the number of CPUs. You can leave this configuration in the default value. It is recommended to deploy Lightning on a separate server from other components. If you must deploy Lightning together with other components, you need to lower `region-concurrency` according to the load.
```
